content/faq.md, before:

+++
title = "Frequently Asked Questions"
description = "Frequently Asked Questions"
keywords = ["Questions","FAQ"]
+++

## General Questions

### When is the fair?

The 2024 Tippecanoe County 4-H Fair will be held on July 19th through July 27th.

### Is it open to the public?

Yes, the fair is be open to the public. Bring your friends and family!

### How much does it cost to attend the fair?

The fair itself is free. Parking is free and our shuttle service is also free. Other activities at the fair (carnival, dining, etc.) have additional costs associated with them. 

## Projects

### Where do I enter to drop off my 4-H project?

The main door on the south side of the coliseum.

### Where do the green folders/record sheets go?

The green folders and record sheets are for your records. Please keep them with you and file them in a safe place.

## Special Events

### When is the Pie Eating Contest and how do I sign up?

July 25th at 5 pm in the Coliseum. The sign up form will be in the 4-H Extension Office, East Wing, in the Main Fairgrounds Building.

### When is the Kiddie Tractor Pull and how do I sign up?

July 21st at 1 pm. The sign up form will be in the 4-H Extension Office, East Wing, in the Main Fairgrounds Building.

## Carnival

### When is the carnival open?

Operating hours for the fair and carnival vary slightly throughout the week. Please check the following resources for more information:

* [Carnival Schedule](/2024/carnival)
* [Fair Schedule](/2024/schedule)

### How much does the carnival cost?

* Regular ticket prices are $1.50 each or 22 for $30.00. Rides take 2 or more tickets.
* Tuesday and Saturday tickets are $2.00 each or 12 for $20.00. All rides take one ticket.

There are no bracelets or other offers.

### When is Family Day?

Family Day is Tuesday, all rides take one ticket each!

## Auction

### What is the sale order for this year's auction?

Please check the [Auction Information](/auction/) page for the Sale Order and all other information.

Commit message:

FAQ Added next year's fair dates

content/faq.md, after:

+++
title = "Frequently Asked Questions"
description = "Frequently Asked Questions"
keywords = ["Questions","FAQ"]
+++

## General Questions

### When is the fair?

The 2024 Tippecanoe County 4-H Fair will be held on July 19th through July 27th.

### Is it open to the public?

Yes, the fair is be open to the public. Bring your friends and family!

### How much does it cost to attend the fair?

The fair itself is free. Parking is free and our shuttle service is also free. Other activities at the fair (carnival, dining, etc.) have additional costs associated with them. 

### When is next year's fair?

The 2025 Tippecanoe County 4-H Fair will be Friday, July 18 through Saturday, July 28th at the Tippecanoe County Fairgrounds.

## Projects

### Where do I enter to drop off my 4-H project?

The main door on the south side of the coliseum.

### Where do the green folders/record sheets go?

The green folders and record sheets are for your records. Please keep them with you and file them in a safe place.

## Special Events

### When is the Pie Eating Contest and how do I sign up?

July 25th at 5 pm in the Coliseum. The sign up form will be in the 4-H Extension Office, East Wing, in the Main Fairgrounds Building.

### When is the Kiddie Tractor Pull and how do I sign up?

July 21st at 1 pm. The sign up form will be in the 4-H Extension Office, East Wing, in the Main Fairgrounds Building.

## Carnival

### When is the carnival open?

Operating hours for the fair and carnival vary slightly throughout the week. Please check the following resources for more information:

* [Carnival Schedule](/2024/carnival)
* [Fair Schedule](/2024/schedule)

### How much does the carnival cost?

* Regular ticket prices are $1.50 each or 22 for $30.00. Rides take 2 or more tickets.
* Tuesday and Saturday tickets are $2.00 each or 12 for $20.00. All rides take one ticket.

There are no bracelets or other offers.

### When is Family Day?

Family Day is Tuesday, all rides take one ticket each!

## Auction

### What is the sale order for this year's auction?

Please check the [Auction Information](/auction/) page for the Sale Order and all other information.
