content/auction/buyers.md, before:

+++
title = "Buyer Information"
description = "Buyer Information"
keywords = ["Auction","Letter", "Information"]
+++

# Auction Bill Now Available

The link below contains the current auction bill for tomorrow's auction. 

**NOTE:** This is subject to change. 

* [Auction Bill](/files/2022-auction-bill.pdf)


# Online Registration Information

Our online registration system is now open. The link below will take you to our Auction website:

* [Buyer Registration](https://tippecanoe.fairwire.com/default.aspx)

## Help with Registering and Updating Your Information

* [New Registration Guide](/auction/buyers/register)
* [Update Registration Guide](/auction/buyers/update)



# Save the Date Letter

{{< center-lines >}}
<strong>4-H LIVESTOCK AUCTION
Friday, July 22, 2022 at 1:00p.m.
Tippecanoe County Fairgrounds – Coliseum
1406 Teal Road, Lafayette, IN 47905</strong>

{{< /center-lines >}}

{{< single-lines >}}
Dear Friends of Tippecanoe County 4-H,

{{< /single-lines >}}

With summer schedules filling up quickly, please SAVE THE DATE: FRIDAY, JULY 22 for the 2022 Tippecanoe County 4-H Livestock Auction. This year’s auction will be held in the Tippecanoe County Fairgrounds – Coliseum at 1:00 p.m. Your attendance will be very much appreciated by Tippecanoe County 4-H members as they put on display their hard work during this annual showcase of their projects. 4-H is one of the premier youth development programs in Tippecanoe County and your support will help these kids grow into the leaders of tomorrow.

Be on the lookout for future mailings to include additional information regarding the premium only auction, such as instructions on how to become a registered buyer and more details about auction rules/regulations. In addition, we would like to express our sincere appreciation to the enclosed list of businesses, individuals, and families, which participated in the 2021 auction. Please join us in thanking them for their investment in the future of the 4-H Youth in Tippecanoe County, as well as supporting their businesses in the future.


{{< single-lines >}}
Sincerely,

<strong>Jason Buck</strong>
4-H Livestock Auction Committee Co-Chairperson
Tippecanoe County Exhibit Association

<strong>Jason Rice</strong>
4-H Livestock Auction Committee Co-Chairperson
Tippecanoe County Exhibit Association
{{< / single-lines >}}

Commit message:

Buyer site for add-ons

content/auction/buyers.md, after:

+++
title = "Buyer Information"
description = "Buyer Information"
keywords = ["Auction","Letter", "Information"]
+++

# Online Auctin (Add-ons)

Use the following link to place add-on orders. **This link will be available for add-on until 11:59 pm on July 29th.**

* [Online Site for Add-ons](https://auction.showorks.cloud/fair/tippecanoe)

### Help Documentation

Need help? Follow this tutorial video:

* [Add-on Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFT9SNHtBRY)


# Auction Bill Now Available

The link below contains the current auction bill for tomorrow's auction. 

**NOTE:** This is subject to change. 

* [Auction Bill](/files/2022-auction-bill.pdf)


# Online Registration Information

Our online registration system is now open. The link below will take you to our Auction website:

* [Buyer Registration](https://tippecanoe.fairwire.com/default.aspx)

## Help with Registering and Updating Your Information

* [New Registration Guide](/auction/buyers/register)
* [Update Registration Guide](/auction/buyers/update)



# Save the Date Letter

{{< center-lines >}}
<strong>4-H LIVESTOCK AUCTION
Friday, July 22, 2022 at 1:00p.m.
Tippecanoe County Fairgrounds – Coliseum
1406 Teal Road, Lafayette, IN 47905</strong>

{{< /center-lines >}}

{{< single-lines >}}
Dear Friends of Tippecanoe County 4-H,

{{< /single-lines >}}

With summer schedules filling up quickly, please SAVE THE DATE: FRIDAY, JULY 22 for the 2022 Tippecanoe County 4-H Livestock Auction. This year’s auction will be held in the Tippecanoe County Fairgrounds – Coliseum at 1:00 p.m. Your attendance will be very much appreciated by Tippecanoe County 4-H members as they put on display their hard work during this annual showcase of their projects. 4-H is one of the premier youth development programs in Tippecanoe County and your support will help these kids grow into the leaders of tomorrow.

Be on the lookout for future mailings to include additional information regarding the premium only auction, such as instructions on how to become a registered buyer and more details about auction rules/regulations. In addition, we would like to express our sincere appreciation to the enclosed list of businesses, individuals, and families, which participated in the 2021 auction. Please join us in thanking them for their investment in the future of the 4-H Youth in Tippecanoe County, as well as supporting their businesses in the future.


{{< single-lines >}}
Sincerely,

<strong>Jason Buck</strong>
4-H Livestock Auction Committee Co-Chairperson
Tippecanoe County Exhibit Association

<strong>Jason Rice</strong>
4-H Livestock Auction Committee Co-Chairperson
Tippecanoe County Exhibit Association
{{< / single-lines >}}
